feat: add datastore information under datastore cluster (#2274)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: website/docs/d/datastore_cluster.html.markdown

  This can be omitted if the search path used in `name` is an absolute path.
  For default datacenters, use the id attribute from an empty
  `vsphere_datacenter` data source.

> * `datastores` - (Optional) The names of the datastores included in the specific 
>   cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `datastores` - The names of datastores included in the datastore cluster.
```

Author: You are right. I meant to add datastores to the exported attributes. I also reformed the id attribute explanation now that this is a list.
